 CHAPTERS His unwanted wife, the world’s coveted genius – Sneak Peek In the evening, heavy rain poured over Owathe as Belinda Wright made her way to Dream Club. She was soaked through, but somehow managed to keep the cake she held untouched by the downpour. Upon reaching the entrance to the private room, Belinda nudged the door open slightly. “Verena, throughout the three years you vanished, not once did Lucas cease his search for you. And now, you are finally back!” Hearing those words from inside the room, Belinda froze mid-step. Verena? The same Verena Reed who used to be Lucas Clark’s girlfriend? “But hasn’t Lucas already gotten married?” asked a soft female voice. “Ah, Verena, there’s no need to concern yourself with that woman Lucas married. Lucas was coerced into that marriage by his father, who threatened to kill you if Lucas didn’t comply. Lucas married that woman only to protect you.” “Really?” Verena’s doubt was evident in her voice. “Absolutely! Why else would Lucas choose someone like Belinda? She’s so unappealing and overweight. Besides, she’s an illegitimate daughter. Marrying her was Lucas’s way of annoying his father, of getting back at him!” Outside the private room, Belinda felt a chill run through her. Her complexion drained of color as the words sank in. Recalling the night when Lucas had proposed, she remembered how her heart had soared with joy. She had been blissfully unaware of the harsh truth. She had believed herself incredibly fortunate, never realizing she was merely a pawn in a revenge plot. Explore fresh tales at g aln ov el s ; com It turned out Lucas had only married her because she was, in their cruel eyes, ugly and fat. Belinda couldn’t help but let out a bitter laugh, her body wavering slightly as she stood frozen in place. She clenched the door handle tightly to steady herself. “Speaking of Belinda, it has been five hours since she left. It’s doubtful she’ll ever show up. Delight Desserts is way out in the eastern suburbs, and just getting there and back takes more than three hours. Besides, that place is notorious for its long queues. Surely, Belinda isn’t foolish enough to go there.”